Update deployment flow steps (#6439)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/performance-best-practices/deployment-flow.md

The Magento production deployment flow helps a store reach maximum performance.

## Install dependencies

> The `composer.json` and `composer.lock` files tell Composer what Magento dependencies to resolve and which versions to use (respectively).

Reviewer: Anthropomorphic. Might be better to say the files manage the dependencies, as opposed to creating a visual of the files shaking a finger at Composer and Magento.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
The `composer.json` and `composer.lock` files manage Magento dependencies and install the appropriate version for each package.
```

> To install Magento dependencies:

Reviewer 2: yes, but not only. It is the mandatory command before calling `setup:di:compile` if you used `composer dump-autoload -o`. I would say "To install Magento dependencies and clear composer autoload cache"

I would like to add it somewhere: if you are using `composer dump-autoload -o`, you should use the following deployment flow
``` 
> composer install
 > bin/magento setup:di:compile
 > composer dump-autoload -o 
 > bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy
```

Author: Done

To update the autoloader:

{:.bs-callout-info}
The `-o` option converts PSR-0/4 autoloading to classmap to get a faster autoloader. The `--apcu` option uses APCu to cache found/not-found classes.

```bash
composer dump-autoload -o --apcu
```

## Deploy static content

Deploying static content causes Magento 2 to perform the following actions:

*  Analyze all static resources
*  Perform merge, minimization, and bundling of content
*  Read and process theme data
*  Analyze theme fallback
*  Store all processed and materialized content to specific folder for further usage

If your static content is not deployed, Magento performs all listed operation on the fly, leading to a significant increase in response time.

You can use a variety of options to customize deployment operations based on store size and fulfillment needs. The most common is the compact deploy strategy. See [Static files deployment strategies]({{ page.baseurl }}/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands-static-deploy-strategies.html)

To deploy static content:

```bash
bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy
```

This command allows Composer to rebuild the mapping to project files so that they load faster.

> ## Set production mode

Reviewer 2: Switch to the production mode automatically runs `setup:di:compile` and `setup:static-content:deploy`

Author: Added a note

```bash
composer install
```

```bash
bin/magento setup:di:compile
```

```bash
composer dump-autoload -o
```

```bash
bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy
```

## Deploy static content

Deploying static content causes Magento 2 to perform the following actions:

*  Analyze all static resources
*  Perform merge, minimization, and bundling of content
*  Read and process theme data
*  Analyze theme fallback
*  Store all processed and materialized content to specific folder for further usage

If your static content is not deployed, Magento performs all listed operation on the fly, leading to a significant increase in response time.

You can use a variety of options to customize deployment operations based on store size and fulfillment needs. The most common is the compact deploy strategy. See [Static files deployment strategies]({{ page.baseurl }}/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands-static-deploy-strategies.html)

To deploy static content:

```bash
bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy
```

This command allows Composer to rebuild the mapping to project files so that they load faster.

## Set production mode

{:.bs-callout-info}

> Setting production mode automatically runs `setup:di:compile` and `setup:static-content:deploy`.

Reviewer: I have a little problem with this sentence. Is something setting the production mode automatically? Or is the production mode automatically running the commands? It can read both. Maybe you need an article in front of production mode? Or not? Depends on how you want it, but something is missing.

"Setting the production mode automatically..."
"Production mode automatically..."

Author: Revised
